Mr. Gao, look next to me
You can't catch his palm, can you?
Imperial Preceptor, I, Gao Xiaoyun, plead not guilty
But I also believe that if he is innocent
If he is my subordinate
If you must execute him
I'm going to try my best to remember this trick
Dead stop
Hahahaha
Such a capable woman is rare
If you are not with these Pan national thief routes
That's really the number one character haha
Lord Imperial Preceptor
Just according to your gambling luck just now
If I was wronged
Just remove your position as a statesman
Then you go to hell.
Who didn't expect to have reservations?
Are you surprised?
My life is hard
Liao Fan
If you really can't do it, just show them your cards
What other cards are there?
Past adults
About the trump card they say
I seem to have no doubt that
Say it quickly
You launch the manpower to pursue Chen Tianjiao
Including mercenary horses
For example, a visitor like me tonight
Border Guard My Guard
There are also three types of permanent guards
If it is broken, it must be left alive.
Story adult
It is unfavorable for off-duty teachers
A Xiuxia who let Liao Fan run away?
No wonder they procrastinate.
It's a distraction.
Why did Lord Hu panic?
Aren't you upright?
Why do you feel guilty?
Guilty hahaha
I'm afraid of slipping through the net
If you are tired of this palm, I am fully skilled
I will die with one gold
Ouyang Mo, how dare you
If you dare to kill Liao Fan
I won't let you go even if I die
Hahaha
Then you can go be ghosts together
Keep someone in the palm